( sighing )
Ensign Kim.
in Jefferies Tube 37-Alpha.
I require your assistance
Well, can it wait?
I just got off duty.
It is urgent.
Hmm.
Bridge to Commander Tuvok.
Tuvok here.
on the Bridge, sir.
You're needed
On my way.
Computer, lights on.
Neelix?
Is anybody here?
Voyager to Lieutenant Paris.
CHAKOTAY:
Paris here.
How's it going out there, Tom?
One more orbit and I should have
all the data we need.
See you when you get back.
Good work.
Chakotay out.
Crewman. Ensign.
Sir.
Hello, sir.
( sighs )
It looks to me
the power couplings perfectly.
like you aligned
I did.
If you're so sure,
then why'd you need
me to look at them?
I did not.
( laughs )
this all about?
Then what's
I've learned from observing
Lieutenants Torres and Paris
that humans sometimes
require a pretext
for being intimate
with one another.
Intimate?
( grunts )
Resistance is futile.
( moaning )
( grunts )
Paris to Voyager.
Voyager here.
CHAKOTAY:
My primary warp manifold
just ruptured.
I've lost helm control.
Auxiliary power is off-line.
Thrusters won't respond.
Say again, Tom.
Your signal's breaking up.
My orbit's decaying.
I don't think I can hold it.
Repeat that, Tom.
I need an emergency beam-out!
Voyager to Lieutenant Paris.
Come in!
Neelix?
for you, Captain?
What can I do
Where is everybody?
Didn't you see them
when you came in?
No.
Take a look.
activate lights.
Computer,
( Janeway gasps )
Lieutenant Commander Tuvok
reporting for duty.
( all laughing )
Is something wrong?
I think you forgot something,
Tuvok.
( laughing continues )
It appears that, in my haste
to report to the Bridge,
to put on my uniform.
I neglected
( laughing )
What happened to them?
JANEWAY:
They died.
NEELIX:
Why?
them home in time.
You didn't get
( gasps )
( screaming )
( moans )
( panting )
( yawning )
( door chimes )
Hello.
Good morning.
Sleep well?
Not really.
What are you doing here?
I'd stop by and ask you
I just thought
why you didn't meet me
for breakfast.
Breakfast...
What time is it?
7:40.
And we were supposed
to meet at 0700.
I was there--
off the night shift.
right after I got
I waited... and I waited
and I called you on the com.
didn't hear you.
I... uh... I-I
I was having this
wild nightmare.
I was out like a light.
I'm sorry. I'll get
dressed right now.
You don't have time. You're due
on the Bridge at 0800,
to get some sleep.
and I've got
Oh, I hate this!
We never see each other.
I'm off Friday night.
Great.
Let's go skiing.
How about Saint Moritz?
We went skiing
last time.
And you loved it.
really good, you know.
You're getting
we could run a program
I just thought maybe
where the wind chill factor
wasn't 30 below zero...
like... Fiji
or Samoa.
Oh. There's nothing
to do there.
And you can be warm while
you're not doing it.
How about a compromise?
Um...
spring skiing in Chile?
Much warmer.
A compromise...
How about Tahiti?
Hmm. Tahiti.
go waterskiing, fine.
As long as I can
You're on.
Now, go get dressed,
so you'll at least have time
to stop for some coffee.
I'll see you Friday night.
( sighs )
Morning, Tom.
What will it be?
Mm.
Scrambled, sunny-side up,
over easy?
Are you sure?
Just a cup of coffee.
Breakfast is the most important
meal of the day, you know.
Right.
Neelix!
Uh...
Neelix...
did you have a rough
night or something?
Why do you ask?
a steaming cup of cooking oil.
Because you just poured me
Actually, I did have
a little trouble sleeping
last night.
Nightmares.
Oh.
Me, too.
those three full moons
Must have been
we passed yesterday.
Well, a few sips of my coffee
should clear the fuzz
out of your brain.
Maybe you should pour yourself
a cup while you're at it.
a little shorthanded today.
Seem to be
Tom and Harry
are both late.
I was going to give them
another five minutes,
but I'll call them now,
if you'd like.
That's all right.
I'm a little late myself,
aren't I?
I wasn't going to mention it.
Burning the midnight oil?
Actually, I went to bed early
for a change,
I could not get back to sleep.
but I had a nightmare and
I had a bad dream
last night, too.
You tell me yours and
I'll tell you mine.
Sorry I'm late,
Captain.
Well?
I was in the forest
with my father.
We were hunting deer,
which was odd,
because that was something
I always refused to do.
We cornered the animal.
I looked to my father to see
if he was going to kill it,
but he wasn't my father anymore.
He was a vicious-looking alien.
There was an alien
in my dream, too.
And it wasn't from any race
I've seen before. He had...
and on the front of his neck.
sharp ridges on his forehead
That's what mine looked like.
to be eavesdropping, but...
I don't mean
I had a nightmare
last night, too,
and I'm pretty sure
I saw the same guy.
Tuvok?
By any chance
did you have a bad dream
last night?
I did have a somewhat
unsettling dream, yes.
It involved an alien
with ridges
on his face and neck.
I'd say this sounds like
more than a coincidence.
of the senior staff together
Let's get the rest
and come up with some answers.
Which reminds me, where's Harry?
Bridge to Ensign Kim.
Computer, locate Ensign Kim.
Ensign Kim is in his quarters.
Tuvok.
Deck 6.
I've got a hunch
Harry's dreaming about
our new alien friend.
That would be consistent
with the experiences
the rest of us have had.
about your dream.
Tell me more
Where exactly did
you see the alien?
As a matter of fact, it was
here in the turbolift.
What happened?
The alien simply stared at me
as if scrutinizing
my appearance.
That's what happened
in my dream.
What did you do?
I returned to my quarters.
Did the alien follow you?
He did.
And then?
He watched me.
Doing what?
Getting dressed.
Getting dressed?
Yes.
I don't suppose I should ask
why you were undressed.
that you didn't.
I would prefer
( door buzzes )
Harry?
open door 105-2.
Computer,
Security clearance:
Tuvok-zeta-nine.
Harry?
Harry, wake up.
Are they comatose?
Not exactly.
They all appear to be
in a hyper-REM state.
I've tried every conventional
method of waking them--
cortical stimulation--
from drugs to direct
but nothing works.
Do you have any idea
what's causing this?
any viral or bacterial agents.
Scans haven't detected
no neural disorders.
No cranial trauma,
They're simply... asleep.
I'd say it's a pretty good bet
this is somehow related
from our dreams.
to the alien
in identifying him?
Any progress
everyone working on it.
Not yet, but I've got
what's your recommendation?
In the meantime,
Large doses of animazine.
drugs weren't working.
I thought you said
For everybody else.
Not for them.
Until I can determine
what's happening
I'd suggest the rest of you
avoid going to sleep.
a little more pronounced.
I'd say his ridges were
Computer, increase
facial ridge height
by four centimeters.
That's closer.
PARIS:
I think his eyes
were wider apart.
Computer, increase the space
between the eyes
by three centimeters.
Increase skin color
and texture.
That's him.
this species before?
Has anybody seen
were awake, I mean.
While you
Seven?
He doesn't resemble any species
assimilated by the Borg.
So is he just a figment
of our imagination?
PARIS:
imagining the exact same thing.
If he is, we've all been
TORRES:
One possible explanation
is that he's attempting
to make telepathic contact.
than making contact.
He's doing more
We've got six crew members
who can't wake up.
it's some sort of attack.
For all we know,
From where?
haven't revealed any ships
Astrometric scans
in this vicinity
sustaining humanoid life.
or planets capable of
So where do we look?
In our dreams.
any of us have seen him, right?
That's the only place
to communicate with him--
So, if we want
find out what he wants--
we'll have to do it
on his terms.
How do you propose
we do that?
Lucid dreaming.
What's that?
which allows you to
It's a technique
take control of your dream.
That happened to me once.
I dreamt I was falling
and suddenly I realized
that I was dreaming
and I could fly, land...
do whatever I wanted.
control of the dream.
I was in complete
to you by accident
What happened
is something some people
can do by design.
to have a lucid dream
I've been able
by using the same technology
I use for a vision quest.
I may be able to use it
with this alien.
to communicate
Maybe so.
But how do we know you'd
be able to wake up again?
It's kind of like
self-hypnosis.
Before I go to sleep,
I choose a visual cue--
something to let me
know I'm dreaming--
Earth's moon, say.
I can wake myself
Once I see it,
of my hand three times.
by tapping the back
Perhaps you are capable
TUVOK:
of doing this under
normal circumstances,
but these were hardly
conventional dreams
we experienced.
I don't see
any other way
of finding out what our
friend here is after,
or how we can wake up
Harry and the others.
stay awake forever.
Besides, we can't
You'll do this in Sick Bay
under the doctor's
supervision.
The rest of you keep
scanning the region.
from stem to stern.
Analyze this ship
find him. Come on.
Wherever he is,
Normally, I consider
a good night's sleep
of any health regimen,
an important part
I can't recommend it.
but in this case,
medical opinion, doctor.
I respect your
we're out of options.
But at this point,
This will regulate
your hypothalamus.
But in all probability,
I won't be able to wake you.
You'll be on your own.
I understand.
Ready?
Pleasant dreams.
Ah-koo-chee-moya.
Far from the sacred places
of my grandfathers,
far from the bones of my people,
I seek to sleep,
visited us in our dreams.
to meet the one who has
( door opens )
( door closes )
I know this is a dream--
my dream.
I'm in control.
You're mistaken.
Am I?
than a dream.
This is more
It's my reality
and you're no different
than the others.
"The others?"
The waking species.
you've come and found us
For centuries,
in a state that
you call "sleep"
and tried to destroy us,
but not anymore.
Now we are in control.
you will fall asleep
One by one,
and enter our reality,
where it is you who
will be destroyed.
We didn't attack you.
know you existed
We didn't even
until we started seeing
you in our dreams.
I can wake my crew
Tell me how
and I promise we'll leave.
As long as you're asleep,
you're no threat to us.
I can wake myself
anytime I want,
and if I do...
I'm going to start
looking for you
in the waking world--
find where you're sleeping.
You wouldn't want that.
Leave our space.
your people will awaken.
Once you're beyond it,
far we need to go.
Just tell me how
There's a six-planet system
less than a parsec away.
It marks the nearest border
of our space.
We can be past
it in one day.
Then wake yourself...
and pray you never
dream of us again.
Congratulations,
Commander.
You're awake.
( panting )
Chakotay.
I'm fine.
The alien-- did you see him?
And?
one of the most interesting
Well, it was certainly
I've ever been on.
away missions
on the way to the Bridge.
I'll tell you about it
for a six-planet system.
Tuvok, scan
than a parsec from here.
It should be less
I have it, Captain,
at coordinates 139 mark 42.
Tom, lay in a course.
Aye, Captain.
Course laid in.
Do you mind if I ask
where we're heading?
Past the aliens' territory.
Once we're clear of it, Harry
and the others should wake up.
can finally get some sleep.
And the rest of us
One step at a time, Tom.
From what the alien told me,
have corporeal form,
it sounds like they
but they communicate
through their dreams.
For them, it's as real
as the waking world.
Extraordinary.
of the Australian Aborigines.
It reminds me
They believed the dream world
was no more or less real
than the waking world.
their creation mythology says
In fact,
their ancestors actually dreamed
the universe into existence.
That's mythology.
This seems to be fact.
I wonder...
do they ever wake up?
How did they evolve this way?
We may never know.
Sometimes first contact
is last contact.
We're approaching the border
of the aliens' space.
inform the doctor.
Commander Tuvok,
Aye, Captain.
TUVOK:
Wake up, Ensign.
( groaning softly )
What's going on?
You were napping.
In Sick Bay?
when we couldn't wake you.
We had to move you here
Whew.
How long?
17 hours.
experienced nightmares
I take it you
like the rest
of the crew.
Oh, I had nightmares, all right.
Tell me about them.
Well...
I was, uh, in the corridor...
( door opens )
Captain Janeway asked me
to bring you the results
of our astrometric scans.
they might be helpful
She thought
in determining the precise cause
of the crew's somnolence.
Thank you.
now that you're awake,
Ensign Kim,
I require your assistance
in Jefferies Tube 21-Beta.
Is something wrong?
No. I, um...
I'm still feeling
a little groggy.
until you are fully recovered.
Then, I'll wait
Now, then, Ensign,
about your nightmare.
you were telling me
You know what, doc? Um...
I'm... famished.
( clearing throat )
in at least 17 hours, right?
Haven't eaten
Very well.
Go eat, get some clothes on,
and report back in an hour.
I'll see you later.
You too, Seven.
And the next thing I knew,
I was being boiled alive
own leola root stew.
in a pot of my
Talk about a nightmare.
perfectly seasoned.
Well, it was
( door opens )
Well, if it isn't
Sleeping Beauty.
I do look well-rested, don't I?
Is everyone
awake now?
NEELIX:
The doc checked us all out
and says we're fine.
Have a seat.
We were just trading
dream stories.
Tell us yours.
Oh. It was...
nothing very interesting.
Just the usual...
You know, uh...
Who was she, Harry?
The woman of my dreams.
( cracking up )
is what Tuvok dreamt about.
What I'd like to know
Yes, Commander, tell us.
What do Vulcans dream?
to have horrible nightmares?
Aren't you supposed
nightmare would be like?
I wonder what a Vulcan
Alone, exiled
on a planet
NEELIX:
where the only form
of communication...
is laughter.
( all laughing )
Oh, come on, Tuvok.
I won't dignify this inquisition
with a response.
JANEWAY:
Red Alert.
All hands to battle stations.
They're coming around
for another pass.
Auxiliary power to the shields.
Return fire.
No damage to the alien ship.
CHAKOTAY:
Our phasers can't penetrate
their shields.
Arm photon torpedoes.
provoking strangers these days.
We seem to have a knack for
Shields are off-line.
Fire.
to the torpedo launchers.
I've lost power
What's happening?
Power is being drained
from all systems.
We're being hailed.
On screen.
Captain.
Ensign Kim.
Commander Chakotay.
I'm glad to see you
all up and about.
Janeway to Engineering.
We need auxiliary power
to the engines now.
I think you'll find
that impossible.
B'Elanna, report.
TORRES: There's a localized
around the ship, Captain.
dampening field
I can't give you engines,
weapons, shields...
Everything you told me
was a lie.
This was all an elaborate trap
to get Voyager here.
more about my people after all.
It appears you're learning
Prepare to surrender your ship.
alien vessels are approaching.
Captain, three more
They are powering weapons.
You've gone to so much trouble
to commandeer this ship.
you're going to destroy it.
I don't think
I won't need to.
Janeway to the crew.
We're under attack.
Implement defense
procedure omega.
It's no use.
We've taken every deck.
The ship is ours.
Captain.
All the time I thought
I was negotiating,
they were just setting us up
to fly right into their web.
known it was a trick.
You couldn't have
I don't understand. They exist
in dreams and reality?
Apparently, entering our dreams
to learn about us...
was their way
perhaps to probe our weaknesses.
Not to mention lure
us into an ambush.
We need to retake the ship.
out of this cargo bay.
That means getting
I checked the Jefferies tubes.
They're sealed.
Maybe we can open them manually.
That's not going to be easy.
They've got people everywhere.
to create a diversion.
We'll have
Any ideas?
I have one, Captain.
( grunts )
What the hell are you doing?!
Creating a diversion.
( speaking softly ):
Ensign Kim,
we have been captured.
it is your fault
I suggest you fight back.
( grunting )
Tom...
try to get into
a Jefferies tube.
You two work on
the power grid.
I'll deal with this.
JANEWAY: What's going on here?
ALIEN: Stop, stop!
These are my people.
I'll handle them.
Ensign, that's enough.
Move!
What's wrong?
I'm still asleep.
What are you talking about?
Chakotay!
( alarmed gasp )
Commander Chakotay,
you're awake.
Am I?
Are you sure?
Of course you are.
What are you
looking for?
The moon.
What?
I don't see it.
Where's the Captain?
Asleep--
along with the rest of the crew.
All of them?
Except me.
No rest for the never-weary.
What happened?
As soon as you entered
your lucid dream,
they all began falling
asleep one by one.
I've been trying every method
I can think of to revive them,
but nothing works.
It's been 39 hours.
for almost two days?
I've been asleep
wake them soon,
If I can't
feeding them intravenously.
I'm going to have to start
They let me think I was awake,
but I was still dreaming.
the only one.
You weren't
Look at this.
What is it?
created by heightened
A neurogenic field
electrical activity
in the brain.
It's been occurring in all
the sleeping crew members--
and that's not all.
brain wave pattern, indicating
This is Ensign Kim's
in a hyper-REM state.
that he's dreaming
This is Crewman
Foster's pattern.
They're identical.
Lieutenant Torres,
Captain Janeway,
Commander Tuvok...
I don't know what it means.
I think I do.
Not only are they dreaming,
they're all having
the same dream.
It wasn't just my dream.
It was a communal dream.
Everyone's REM patterns
are identical.
They're experiencing
the same images,
each from his or her
own point of view.
Yes. I saw the rest
of the crew--
interacted with them.
to fight off an alien attack.
We were all working together
Which wasn't real.
Oh, we're under attack,
all right.
Commander?
Maybe this is the way these
aliens fight their enemies.
our reality as physical beings,
They exist somewhere in
unable to defend themselves
but they must be asleep,
against what they call
"waking species."
We'll never defeat them
in their dream reality,
find where they're sleeping,
but if we can find them,
we'll have the advantage.
life-forms since this started
But we've been scanning for
and we haven't found anything.
Maybe we've been looking
in the wrong place.
I'm betting a species that
spends its time sleeping
isn't going to be hanging around
where conventional scans
can locate them.
So, how do we find them?
field you mentioned--
This neurogenic
anyone in a hyper-REM state
would be producing one.
In theory, yes.
for other neurogenic fields,
So if we scan
to the sleeping aliens.
it might lead us
I'll be on the Bridge.
If you need me,
Time for a little energy boost,
Commander.
We don't want you drifting
back to sleep.
Sorry about the mess,
when my repeated requests
but this is what happens
for a larger Sick Bay
fall on deaf ears.
( console beeping )
What is it?
Scanners have detected
a neurogenic field
beneath the surface of a planet
emanating from
less than a light-year
from here.
Excuse me, Tom, but I've
got to change our course.
Still dreaming?
How is that possible?
I don't know, but that's
what Chakotay said
right before he vanished.
That doesn't make any sense.
right here with us.
He was wide awake
about still being asleep
He said something
and then he started tapping
the back of his hand
to wake up from his lucid dream.
like he said he would
And then he disappeared.
( softly ):
The question is,
where did he go?
have transported him somewhere.
The aliens must
Or perhaps he did wake up.
Tuvok?
It's possible he was dreaming
all of this.
Wait a minute.
If Chakotay was dreaming
and he woke up,
what are we doing here?
Perhaps we are dreaming
as well.
Now I'm lost.
You're not the only one.
experienced nightmares
Consider that we all
about an alien whose people
apparently live out their lives
in a dream state.
Perhaps we are in that state
this very moment.
That's ridiculous.
Wait.
We're not asleep.
When you dream, you're rarely
aware that you're sleeping.
how we could mistake dreaming
I can understand
but that doesn't explain
for reality,
how we're all interacting
with one another.
Maybe we're not.
Not what?
with one another.
Interacting
one person's dream--
Maybe this is all
and none of you are really here.
if, for example, mine--
I wish I weren't, but I'm here.
Trust me, Neelix,
Collective unconsciousness.
Seven, come here.
a collective consciousness.
The Borg share
may have somehow induced
These aliens
of collective unconsciousness.
a state
sharing the same dream?
You mean... we're all
It is possible.
TUVOK:
fascinating speculation,
This is all
but unless we have proof
to the contrary,
we have to treat this
like an invasion.
a Jefferies tube hatch.
I managed to open
Good work.
Neelix, Seven, Kim,
to distract the guards.
do what you can
We're going to find a way
to retake the ship.
Looks like a complete
power drain.
has shut down the warp core.
Their dampening field
Which begs the question
of what they intend to do
with an unpowered ship.
Tuvok, grab some phaser rifles
from the weapons locker.
to disable the dampening field,
Something tells me when we try
the aliens' attention.
we're going to get
harmonic inversion technology.
It looks like they're using
the containment frequency,
If I can isolate
main power back on line.
I may be able to get
( equipment powering up )
That was easy.
Warning. Warp core breach
in 60 seconds.
COMPUTER:
Maybe a little too easy.
I don't understand.
Can you eject the core?
I'm trying.
It's not working.
Warp core breach in 50 seconds.
( whooshing )
We've got to get
out of here.
to put a containment field
I'm trying
around Engineering.
Warp core breach in 40 seconds.
Got it! Let's move!
I don't understand why you
couldn't eject the core!
Warp core breach in 30 seconds.
Something's not right.
Captain, we must hurry!
I'm going back in there.
You'll be killed!
Warp core breach...
I think I'm onto something.
You two go!
That's an order!
Captain!
Warp core breach
in ten seconds.
Nine, eight, seven, six...
( grunts )
five, four, three, two, one.
( explosion )
( breathing heavily )
Either I've become impervious
to antimatter explosions...
or we're still dreaming.
should have destroyed the ship.
A warp core explosion
or if any of this were real,
If I were awake,
which it obviously isn't.
Things just weren't adding up--
the warp core failing to eject.
Chakotay's disappearance,
And as Chakotay said,
is about taking control"
"lucid dreaming
so I... took a chance.
Surely, there must have been
a less extreme method
of testing your assumptions.
taking chances with your life.
As Captain, you shouldn't be
by your concern, Tuvok.
I'm touched
this is a dream...
Now that we know
what do we do?
I suggest we find a way
to regain consciousness.
you wake yourself?
Captain, how did
The same way you did.
The others?
starting to wake up.
They should all be
Rise and shine, Mr. Paris.
from their planet as possible.
We need to get as far away
Agreed.
I'll make the necessary
course correction.
What is it?
This isn't real.
Of course it is.
See?
No.
Doctor?
He's paranoid--
disoriented.
I suspect much
of the crew
symptoms when they awake.
will suffer similar
Try to relax, Commander.
I'm going to sedate you.
DOCTOR:
No! I need to wake up,
not sleep!
I'm here to help you.
No!
It's all right, Commander.
You're awake again.
What happened?
You dozed off.
I couldn't wake myself
like I did before.
to the neurogenic field
Our proximity
is making it more difficult
to stay conscious.
I need to get down there and
find a way to neutralize it.
Not so fast.
This is a highly potent
animazine derivative.
asleep again, you must use it.
If you feel yourself falling
And, Commander, I suggest
we keep an open com line.
I may need to provide you
with a verbal splash
every now and then.
of cold water
It's not working.
It's safe to assume that
Chakotay and the doctor
to wake us from our sleep.
are making every effort
the crew know what's happening--
We have to let the rest of
that as long as they know
they're in a dream,
they can't be harmed.
And if the aliens
try to stop us?
Then we turn this dreamworld
of theirs...
into a nightmare.
Okay, doctor...
I'm in.
Acknowledged, Commander.
Stand aside.
Your weapons are useless
against us.
You're not fooling anyone.
We know this is a dream.
You're confused.
Actually, I'm finally
seeing things clearly.
Shoot them.
Now, stand aside.
All of you, listen closely.
What we have to do
is stay in control
of the dream.
If we can do that,
the aliens shouldn't
be able to hurt us.
of yourself, Captain.
You sound very sure
Why shouldn't I be?
about what's happening
Have you thought
in the waking world?
to your bodies
How long do you think
they'll survive
without nourishment?
Without physical activity?
Your bodies are withering
away as we speak.
You can't stop it.
Don't be so sure.
It's some kind of transmitter.
It looks like they
use it to amplify
the neurogenic field.
Can you turn it off?
I tried knocking it out
with my phaser,
but there's some kind
of force field.
Commander?
I'm sorry.
I'm having trouble
concentrating.
Time for your medicine.
Doctor, this animazine--
it's pretty powerful.
you take it immediately.
Yes. And I suggest
These aliens...
they look pretty frail.
That's fascinating, Commander.
Now please inject yourself.
They probably wouldn't have
the same tolerance
for stimulants that we do.
What are you getting at?
The animazine might be capable
one of these aliens.
of waking up
Commander, I'd be
happy to discuss
comparative pharmacology
with you
after you administer
your injection.
Actually... I think
I'm going to give it
of my sleepy friends here.
to one
What would that accomplish?
If I can wake him up,
to deactivate this generator.
I might be able to get him
There's not enough animazine
for two doses.
there's no way I can revive you.
If you fall asleep again,
( sighing )
to go to the Bridge.
Doctor, I want you
Commander...
I'm giving you an order!
and target my com signal
Go to the Bridge
with a photon torpedo.
You're delirious.
to incinerate you.
You're asking me
Not just me...
these aliens...
and their transmitter, too.
don't hear from me
But only if you
in five minutes.
Understood?
Commander...
Understood?!
Aye, sir.
this transmitter, or I shoot.
Tell me how to deactivate
What happened?
Looks like he woke up.
I'll give you five seconds.
Four...
three...
two...
Chakotay.
Who's going to help
you now, Captain?
I found the cavern
and your people.
I'm there right now
in the waking world.
And it's all going
to be destroyed
in less than two minutes
unless you deactivate
that transmitter.
you'll be killed, too.
If you are there,
I think you're lying.
if I don't contact my ship,
Oh, believe me,
going to die in our sleep.
you and I are both
Chief Medical Officer's Log,
stardate 51471.3.
With the neurogenic field
neutralized,
in reviving the entire crew.
I've been successful
the experience has produced
Unfortunately,
a troubling side effect
for many of them--
acute insomnia.
( sighs )
Computer, lights on.
Sorry, Commander.
to frighten you.
I didn't mean
You're not starting breakfast
this early, are you?
the supply cabinets.
Just rearranging
I couldn't sleep.
Neither could I.
How about a soothing
cup of tea?
Sounds good.
I know it's silly,
but every time I'm
about to doze off,
I... become terrified
that I won't be able
to wake again.
( door opens )
You, too?
We just finished a little
late-night hoverball
on the holodeck.
Three games in a row.
it would wear us out.
We were hoping
You know, I could
learn to enjoy
these late-night
get-togethers.
Speak for yourself.
a good night's sleep.
I would kill for
Neelix, I think it's
time for breakfast.
( all chuckling )